## AIBTCdev Thursday, June 6th

### Working Group Updates

Changing formats slightly

- wg updates, development updates, and demo time FIRST
- then latest AI news

Patrick updates:

- we want to switch to default Twitter live streaming
- we have commissioned designers to rebrand aibtc.dev
- setting up the conference this fall

### Development Updates

Dan Trevino

- discuss marketplace standard as provider
- arguments for/against the registrar DAO
- related issue: [Standardize deployments and contract data](https://github.com/aibtcdev/smart-contracts/issues/4)
- related issue: [Standardize 402 responses](https://github.com/aibtcdev/gated-402-api/issues/1)

XYZero.btc

- what can agents do in the gig marketplace?

[BNS teaser tweet](https://x.com/aibtcdev/status/1798395826747945460?s=46), tools coming soon for agents

- should we focus on BNS or BNSx?
- could the

### Demo Time

Chris + Gecko Security Author

- first place winner of recent Stacks hackathon
- a Clarity [static analysis tool](https://github.com/Gecko-Security/Gecko-Clarity) written in Rust
- shared a [demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UTiEWyAK4Q) of analysis and output

Mike Cohen + Bitcoin DAO code

- started as eDAO template
- growing into it's own thing

### Latest AI News

#### Created by our Crew

This one was first generated by our [meeting prep crew](https://github.com/aibtcdev/ai-agent-crew/blob/main/meeting_preparation.py) but didn't quite [hit the mark](https://github.com/aibtcdev/ai-agent-crew/blob/main/agendas/2024-06-06-08-27-generated-meeting-agenda.md). We can see it's closer to the result we want, but still doesn't quite get it.

So what if we add some examples? Taking some past output from the [meeting minutes]() and tweaking some prompts we end up with the following!

- An open source effort to replicate the ChatGPT desktop app. Can be easily installed via pip, enabling users to send text & screenshots and receive voice responses. Impressed by the incredible speed of the OSS community. [LangChainAI](https://x.com/LangChainAI/status/1796942281821585864)
- Mesop, an open-source Python UI framework used at Google to build AI/ML apps, has been open sourced by Google. [rohanpaul_ai](https://x.com/rohanpaul_ai/status/1798457077037469962)
- This tweet mentions a useful tool from Builder.io that allows for customizable testing criteria, making it more efficient than relying solely on chatGPT for code assistance. [Steve8708](https://x.com/Steve8708/status/1798720674875560220)

Still some room for improvement, and excited to work on this more and share the results next week.

#### Original Link List

https://x.com/hirosystems/status/1796579639982440751

https://x.com/LangChainAI/status/1796942281821585864

https://x.com/rohanpaul_ai/status/1798457077037469962

https://x.com/Steve8708/status/1798720674875560220
https://github.com/BuilderIO/micro-agent

### Meeting Transcript Summary

Recorded by [Louis](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttp://x.com/growthlouis%26amp;sa%3DD%26amp;source%3Deditors%26amp;ust%3D1717806111728271%26amp;usg%3DAOvVaw2PIIMi7nhk9ZPcxIuH0tl9&sa=D&source=docs&ust=1717806111760545&usg=AOvVaw2gw-OhpbHh3B9TUcihyfZP), 6/6/2024, 12:05:35 PM, 52 min.

### Quick summary

During this meeting, Louis-Philippe, Hero, Jeevan, P, Dan, mijoco, j2, NoCode, and Rapha discussed various topics including upcoming conferences, growth indicators for a Bitcoin social network, smart contracts, AI ownership of BNS names, Asian outreach for web3 providers, and sharing GitHub repositories.

#### Action items for Louis-Philippe

- Run a scraping bot on GitHub using provided keywords for the team's next week's discussion.

#### Action items for Jeevan

- Share the GitHub repository "Gecko-Clarity" with the team.

#### Action items for Dan

- Share the GitHub repository "bitcoin-dao" with the team.

#### Action items for mijoco

- Share the GitHub repository "bitcoin-dao" with the team.

#### Action items for j2

- Ping onx.

#### Action items for NoCode

- None.

#### Action items for Rapha

- None.

#### Meeting Summary:

- Louis-Philippe shared his Twitter and X profiles for networking purposes.
- The topic of discussion was the "Bitcoin AI Conference" and various related events.
- Louis-Philippe provided a list of conferences and events related to crypto and web3 convergence.
- P expressed skepticism about the growth of Nostr and its potential as the defacto Bitcoin social network.
- The group agreed to wrap up the topic and move the discussion to GitHub.
- J2 suggested a smart contract-based registry with BNS integration.
- NoCode expressed agreement with the idea.
- Dan mentioned Radio-Canada.
- P proposed wrapping up the topic in the next two minutes and moving it to GitHub.
- Mijoco made a comment about sensations.
- Louis-Philippe agreed with wrapping up the topic and moving it to GitHub.
- Dan suggested smart contracts and standardized market discovery.
- P shared a link to a tweet about AIBTCDEV's smart contracts.
- Louis-Philippe acknowledged the link and made a comment.
- Dan mentioned Blockstack as an example.
- Rapha raised the question of whether AI should earn the right to own a BNS name.
- Louis-Philippe mentioned his role in Asian outreach for universities and developers.
- P expressed admiration for Louis-Philippe's role.
- Louis-Philippe offered to run a scraping bot for the team based on provided keywords.
- Louis-Philippe referred to Rapha's question about AI owning a BNS name.
- Jeevan shared a link to a GitHub repository.
- Rapha praised Jeevan's contribution.
- Dan requested the repo from Mijoco.
- Mijoco shared a link to a GitHub repository.

1. Twitter/X Profiles:
      - Jeevan shares his Twitter/X profiles. [00:07]
      - Louis-Philippe shares his Twitter/X profile. [00:09]
2. Bitcoin AI Conference:
      - Louis-Philippe mentions a Bitcoin AI Conference in SF. [00:10]
3. Crypto & Web3 Conferences:
      - Louis-Philippe warns about common conference names. [00:12]
4. Nostr Growth:
      - P expresses skepticism about Nostr's growth. [00:15]
5. Wrapping up Discussion:
      - P suggests wrapping up the current topic and moving to GitHub. [00:17]
6. Smart Contract Registry:
      - j2 suggests a smart contract-based registry with BNS integration. [00:18]
7. GitHub Issues:
      - Dan shares a GitHub issue related to smart contracts and market discovery. [00:20]
      - P shares a GitHub issue related to AI. [00:21]
      - jeevan shares a GitHub repo related to security. [00:23]
      - mijoco shares a GitHub repo related to Bitcoin DAO. [00:26]
8. AI Ownership of BNS Names:
      - Rapha raises the question of whether AI should own BNS names. [00:24]
9. Asian Outreach:
      - Louis-Philippe mentions his role in Asian outreach for a web3 provider. [00:28]
10. Scraping Bot:
        - Louis-Philippe offers to run a scraping bot for the team. [00:30]
11. Semiotic Labs:
        - Louis-Philippe recommends the founder of Semiotic Labs for AI expertise. [00:32]
12. Positive Feedback:
        - Rapha expresses enthusiasm and encourages the team. [00:33]
